#16: Improved Readme (#17)
exasol/exasol-test-setup-abstraction-java: README.md

# Exasol Test Setup Abstraction

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/exasol/exasol-test-setup-abstraction.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.com/exasol/exasol-test-setup-abstraction)

[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=com.exasol%3Aexasol-test-setup-abstraction&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.exasol%3Aexasol-test-setup-abstraction)

This repository defines a standardized interface for accessing an Exasol database for testing.

> That allows you to write tests that allow you to switch the test-backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That allows you to write tests where you can to switch the test-backend.
```
Maybe we can explain a bit what is the test-backend, as it might not be fully clear for someone new to the project

Author: ```suggestion
That allows you to write tests where you can to switch the test-backend. For you can weitch between an Exasol cluster in the cloud or a local docker-db.
```
